Add RFP 2501 Monitoring Tool (#12)
dot-pal/pal-homepage: docs/07_rfp/01_2501_monitoring_tool.md

    b. Excessive minting from a parachain as compared to its reserves;
2. Bridges  
    a. Wormhole to Moonbeam  
    b. Snowbridge  
    c. Polkadot / Kusama bridge  
    d. Hyperbridge  
3. DEFI TVL and Volumes (includes AMMs and lending)  
    a. Hydration AMMs (Omnipool, Stablepools, Isolated Pools) and Hydration Lending  
    b. Acala  
    c. Polkadot AssetHub AMMs  
    d. Bifrost vDOT (total issuance)  
    e. Moonbeam (Moonwell, StellaSwap, Beamex)  
4. CEX Flows between CEX and Polkadot and any relevant chains (funding and trades; to Polkadot and any other chain eg: between USDT AH and Binance, HDX Hydration and Kraken)  
    a. Binance  
    b. Coinbase  
    c. Kraken  
    d. KuCoin  
    e. Gate.io  
    f. OKX  
5. Addresses of interest    
    a. Trigger alerts on addresses flagged already by CEX, DEX  
    b. Trigger alerts on a defined custom list of addresses to be flagged  
6. Governance  
    a. A new proposal is done  
    b. When proposals change future state (from deciding to confirming, from preparing to deciding etc)  
    c. When it is executed  

All amounts should be tracked both in asset amount and DOT in USD amount.

> Ability to allow teams to define custom rules. E.g. storage value of X @ chain A + storage value of Y @ chain B - storage value of Z @ chain C smaller than 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the tool must provide the ability to allow teams to define custom rules (For example,  storage value of X @ chain A + storage value of Y @ chain B - storage value of Z @ chain C smaller than 100).
```

> ## How to Apply

Reviewer 2: Should we add a link to a Discord PAL channel so we can answer any questions from applicants ?

Author: that's a good idea, added

> ## How to Apply
> Vendors who are interested to deliver the requested tool can apply following this procedure:
> * Application deadline: May 15th, 2025  
> * Apply by submitting [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdy1EecY64xCYPUMJDC37a8po7ECFHp94Ouxv_ctk9hxABxYA/viewform)
> * Check out the [eligibility criteria](/funding/security_tooling)
> * The application should include an offer which details out the scope of the implementation, the timeframes, the milestones and the cost (including man-hours and rate per role)  
> * The tool should be open-source
> * Max funding is $250,000, split into milestones not exceeding $50,000
> * If the total costs exceed this limit, it can be negotiated to deliver an MVP with the core functionality that fits within the limit, with a follow-up request to OpenGov to cover the remaining functionality (once the MVP has been delivered)
> * The proposal should cover the maintenance of the tool during 12 months after its delivery, as well as an estimate of the maintenance costs thereafter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Apply
Vendors who are interested to deliver the requested tool can apply following this procedure (**application deadline: May 15th, 2025**):

* Check out the [eligibility criteria](/funding/security_tooling). A short recap:
    * Max funding is $250,000, split into milestones not exceeding $50,000
    * If the total costs exceed this limit, it can be negotiated to deliver an MVP with the core functionality that fits within the limit, with a follow-up request to OpenGov to cover the remaining functionality (once the MVP has been delivered)
    * The tool should be open-source
* Apply by submitting [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdy1EecY64xCYPUMJDC37a8po7ECFHp94Ouxv_ctk9hxABxYA/viewform)
* The application should include an offer which details out the scope of the implementation, the timeframes, the milestones and the cost (including man-hours and rate per role)  
* The proposal should cover the maintenance of the tool during 12 months after its delivery, as well as an estimate of the maintenance costs thereafter
```
